README.md, before:

# CodeQualityCheck

TODO: Delete this and the text below, and describe your gem

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/code_quality_check`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

## Installation

TODO: Replace `UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG` with your gem name right after releasing it to RubyGems.org. Please do not do it earlier due to security reasons. Alternatively, replace this section with instructions to install your gem from git if you don't plan to release to RubyGems.org.

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

```bash
bundle add UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG
```

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

```bash
gem install UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG
```

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/code_quality_check.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Refactor Gemfile and update README for CodeQualityCheck gem integration

README.md, after:

# CodeQualityCheck

# CodeQualityCheck Gem

The `CodeQualityCheck` gem integrates code quality checks into your Rails project using pre-commit hooks. It utilizes the following tools:

- **RuboCop**: A Ruby static code analyzer based on the community Ruby style guide.
- **Brakeman**: A static analysis tool for Rails applications to find security vulnerabilities.
- **Rails Best Practices**: A code metric tool for Rails projects.
- **Trailing Whitespace Detection**: Detects and removes trailing whitespace in files.

## Installation

Add the gem to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'overcommit', '~> 0.30'
gem 'code_quality_check', path: 'path/to/code_quality_check'
```

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

```bash
bundle add UPDATE_WITH_YOUR_GEM_NAME_IMMEDIATELY_AFTER_RELEASE_TO_RUBYGEMS_ORG
```

## Usage

After installing the gem, run the generator to set up the code quality checks:
```bash
rails generate code_quality_check:install
```
This will:
Copy configuration files for Overcommit, RuboCop, and Rails Best Practices into your project.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/aniruddhami/code_quality_check.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
